README.rst, before:

|license-badge| |status-badge| |ci-badge| |codecov-badge|

.. |license-badge| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard.svg
    :target: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE
    :alt: License
.. |status-badge| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Maintained-brightgreen
    :alt: Maintained
.. |ci-badge| image:: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
    :target: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/actions/workflows/ci.yml
    :alt: Continuous Integration
.. |codecov-badge| image:: https://codecov.io/github/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/coverage.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://app.codecov.io/github/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard?branch=master
    :alt: Codecov

frontend-app-learner-dashboard
==============================

The Learner Home app is a microfrontend (MFE) course listing experience for the Open edX Learning Management System
(LMS).  This experience was designed to provide a clean and functional interface to allow learners to view all of their
open enrollments, as well as take relevant actions on those enrollments.  It also serves as host to a number of exposed
"widget" containers to provide upsell and discovery widgets as sidebar/footer components.

Quickstart
----------

To start the MFE and enable the feature in LMS:

1. Start the MFE with ``npm run start``. Take a note of the path/port (defaults to ``http://localhost:1996``).

From there, simply load the configured address/port.  You should be prompted to log into your LMS if you are not
already, and then redirected to your home page.

Contributing
------------

A core goal of this app is to provide a clean experimentation interface.  To promote this end, we have provided a
silo'ed code directory at ``src/widgets`` in which contributors should add their custom widget components.  In order to
ensure our ability to maintain the code stability of the app, the code for these widgets should be strictly contained
within the bounds of that directory.

Once written, the widgets can be configured into one of our widget containers at ``src/containers/WidgetContainers``.
This can include conditional logic, as well as Optimizely triggers. It is important to note that our integration tests
will isolate and ignore these containers, and thus testing your widget is the response of the creator/maintainer of the
widget itself.

Some guidelines for writing widgets:

* Code for the widget should be strictly confined to the ``src/widgets`` directory.
* You can load data from the redux store, but should not add or modify fields in that structure.
* Network events should be managed in component hooks, though can use our ``data/constants/requests:requestStates`` for
  ease of tracking the request states.

License
-------

The code in this repository is licensed under the AGPLv3 unless otherwise noted.

Please see the `license`_ for more info.

.. _license: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE

Getting Help
------------

If you're having trouble, we have discussion forums at https://discuss.openedx.org where you can connect with others in
the community.

Our real-time conversations are on Slack. You can request a `Slack invitation`_, then join our
`community Slack workspace`_.  Because this is a frontend repository, the best place to discuss it would be in the
`#wg-frontend channel`_.

For anything non-trivial, the best path is to open an issue in this repository with as many details about the issue you
are facing as you can provide.

https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/issues

For more information about these options, see the `Getting Help`_ page.

.. _Slack invitation: https://openedx.org/slack
.. _community Slack workspace: https://openedx.slack.com/
.. _#wg-frontend channel: https://openedx.slack.com/archives/C04BM6YC7A6
.. _Getting Help: https://openedx.org/community/connect

Resources
---------

Additional info about the Learner Home MFE project can be found on the `Open edX Wiki`_.

.. _Open edX Wiki: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OEPM/pages/3575906333/Learner+Home

The Open edX Code of Conduct
----------------------------

All community members are expected to follow the `Open edX Code of Conduct`_.

.. _Open edX Code of Conduct: https://openedx.org/code-of-conduct/

Reporting Security Issues
-------------------------

Please do not report security issues in public. Please email security@openedx.org.

Commit message:

feat: use frontend-plugin-framework to provide a FooterSlot (#356)
Co-authored-by: Brian Smith <bsmith@axim.org>

README.rst, after:

|license-badge| |status-badge| |ci-badge| |codecov-badge|

.. |license-badge| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard.svg
    :target: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE
    :alt: License
.. |status-badge| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Maintained-brightgreen
    :alt: Maintained
.. |ci-badge| image:: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
    :target: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/actions/workflows/ci.yml
    :alt: Continuous Integration
.. |codecov-badge| image:: https://codecov.io/github/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/coverage.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://app.codecov.io/github/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard?branch=master
    :alt: Codecov

frontend-app-learner-dashboard
==============================

The Learner Home app is a microfrontend (MFE) course listing experience for the Open edX Learning Management System
(LMS).  This experience was designed to provide a clean and functional interface to allow learners to view all of their
open enrollments, as well as take relevant actions on those enrollments.  It also serves as host to a number of exposed
"widget" containers to provide upsell and discovery widgets as sidebar/footer components.

Quickstart
----------

To start the MFE and enable the feature in LMS:

1. Start the MFE with ``npm run start``. Take a note of the path/port (defaults to ``http://localhost:1996``).

From there, simply load the configured address/port.  You should be prompted to log into your LMS if you are not
already, and then redirected to your home page.

Plugins
-------
This MFE can be customized using `Frontend Plugin Framework <https://github.com/openedx/frontend-plugin-framework>`_.

The parts of this MFE that can be customized in that manner are documented `here </src/plugin-slots>`_.

Contributing
------------

A core goal of this app is to provide a clean experimentation interface.  To promote this end, we have provided a
silo'ed code directory at ``src/widgets`` in which contributors should add their custom widget components.  In order to
ensure our ability to maintain the code stability of the app, the code for these widgets should be strictly contained
within the bounds of that directory.

Once written, the widgets can be configured into one of our widget containers at ``src/containers/WidgetContainers``.
This can include conditional logic, as well as Optimizely triggers. It is important to note that our integration tests
will isolate and ignore these containers, and thus testing your widget is the response of the creator/maintainer of the
widget itself.

Some guidelines for writing widgets:

* Code for the widget should be strictly confined to the ``src/widgets`` directory.
* You can load data from the redux store, but should not add or modify fields in that structure.
* Network events should be managed in component hooks, though can use our ``data/constants/requests:requestStates`` for
  ease of tracking the request states.

License
-------

The code in this repository is licensed under the AGPLv3 unless otherwise noted.

Please see the `license`_ for more info.

.. _license: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE

Getting Help
------------

If you're having trouble, we have discussion forums at https://discuss.openedx.org where you can connect with others in
the community.

Our real-time conversations are on Slack. You can request a `Slack invitation`_, then join our
`community Slack workspace`_.  Because this is a frontend repository, the best place to discuss it would be in the
`#wg-frontend channel`_.

For anything non-trivial, the best path is to open an issue in this repository with as many details about the issue you
are facing as you can provide.

https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-learner-dashboard/issues

For more information about these options, see the `Getting Help`_ page.

.. _Slack invitation: https://openedx.org/slack
.. _community Slack workspace: https://openedx.slack.com/
.. _#wg-frontend channel: https://openedx.slack.com/archives/C04BM6YC7A6
.. _Getting Help: https://openedx.org/community/connect

Resources
---------

Additional info about the Learner Home MFE project can be found on the `Open edX Wiki`_.

.. _Open edX Wiki: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OEPM/pages/3575906333/Learner+Home

The Open edX Code of Conduct
----------------------------

All community members are expected to follow the `Open edX Code of Conduct`_.

.. _Open edX Code of Conduct: https://openedx.org/code-of-conduct/

Reporting Security Issues
-------------------------

Please do not report security issues in public. Please email security@openedx.org.
